Draft: Provide initialization documentation for cloning Dandi ecosystem (#104)
dandi/handbook: docs/65_dandi_hub.md

The DANDI ecosystem includes a self-hosted Jupyter notebook service. This service is orchestrated on a Kubernetes (k8s) cluster
that provides different instance types of users to efficiently interact with data in the DANDI Archive.

[Proceed to the following README](https://github.com/dandi/dandi-hub/blob/main/README.md#dandihub) to see how you can
set up your own DANDI Hub -- **Note: it is important that your k8s cluster is in the same region
as your data**

Resources

> • [Source code and instructions]( https://github.com/dandi/dandi-hub)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• [Source code and instructions](https://github.com/dandi/dandi-hub)
```

Author: Updated!

> The DANDI ecosystem includes a self-hosted Jupyter notebook service. This service is orchestrated on a Kubernetes (k8s) cluster

Author: @asmacdo would be great if you could review

Reviewer 2: With @kabilar 's suggestions, LGTM

> The DANDI ecosystem includes a self-hosted Jupyter notebook service. This service is orchestrated on a Kubernetes (k8s) cluster
> that provides different instance types of users to efficiently interact with data in the DANDI Archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DANDI ecosystem includes a self-hosted Jupyter notebook service. This service is hosted on AWS and orchestrated with a Kubernetes (k8s) cluster
that provides different instance types for users to efficiently interact with data in the DANDI Archive.
```

> [Proceed to the following README](https://github.com/dandi/dandi-hub/blob/main/README.md#dandihub) to see how you can
> set up your own DANDI Hub -- **Note: it is important that your k8s cluster is in the same region
> as your data**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instructions for configuring and deploying your own JupyterHub instance are available in the [dandi-hub repository](https://github.com/dandi/dandi-hub) (see [README](https://github.com/dandi/dandi-hub/blob/main/README.md#dandihub)).
For example configurations that have been previously generated for the DANDI, LINC, and BICAN projects see the [envs directory](https://github.com/dandi/dandi-hub/tree/main/envs).
**Note: it is important that your k8s cluster is in the same region as your data.**
```

> as your data**

Reviewer: Similar to your Google Doc, perhaps we can add some quick links to each page.

```suggestion
as your data**

Resources
1. [Source code and instructions]( https://github.com/dandi/dandi-hub)
1. [DANDI Hub](https://hub.dandiarchive.org/)
1. [LINC Hub](https://hub.lincbrain.org/)
```

Author: Thanks Kabi -- added.
